## Video Transport from Single-Board Computers like the Raspberry Pi in the Internet of Things for Web Real-Time Communications
* With the evolution of technologies, the Internet of Things (IoT) became popular nowadays. This technological improvement in recent years, especially in the Healthcare sector, has made video streaming in real-time improve our lives in tangible ways where one can monitor the other irrespective of the location. 
* To achieve this goal, current multimedia streaming hardware devices are typically expensive. In order to provide improved and reliable services, we require low-cost hardware devices with easy deployment and high scalability that can be easily integrated into the already existing IoT networks. 
* In our project, we use devices such as single-board computers (SBCs) that enables video streaming using the Web Real-Time Communication (WebRTC) framework and peer-to-peer connection.
* Our system built on Raspberry Pi (RPi) is completely packed into Docker Containers, which is easy to deploy using effective and readily available ARM architecture. It enables us to receive the video stream from the attached camera node and sends it to the multimedia framework, which encodes, decodes, and sends it to the receiving device using a real-time communication protocol (RTP).
* Our goal is to determine the best multimedia framework supported on the RPi by com- paring the utilization of working video streams on RPi3 and RPi4 in terms of CPU usage, memory usage, and network throughput.
